We will first look at the core support for our data service, is there in services directly along with
all of the services?
Yeah, there is a directory called Gateway.
This is where all our Gateway service code is here.
There is this maven bombed out exemplified.
It will list the dependency for this Netflix will service.
So here is their dependency.
So this is the library that we are going to use for creating a gateway service.
So pretty much all the capability that we need comes out of the box.
All we have to do is very small configuration.
So bulk of the configuration, or pretty much the whole configuration is dead in this particular config
dot properties file.
Here we can see that we have mapped certain routes.
So let's say or transition any you are at a starting with or it has to be routed to autorizacion service.
So this is an IED that we have given.
It can be anything.
You can see how this maps to a particular host and port.
But right now, what we have done over here is we have you are we have taken a area and we have mapped
to a particular service side.
Similarly, for product service related, you added we have mapped to product service.
So this IED.
Now, later, what we have done is we have mapped these service.
So let's say there's a service aid for transition service we have listed over here.
What role are these solos for this authorization service?
Similarly, for other services.
Now this is a configuration that we're going to use temporarily because we do not have other components
like discovery service in our demonstration right now.
So we will use this static configuration later on.
We will move to dynamic configuration.
But let's say we just have a gateway service right now.
We do not have any assistance of any other service, then this is the way to go.
We met, you are told to a service side.
And for each service, I'd list modularity, host and board where we need to roll those particular requests.
So this is a simple configuration.
This is all we have to do and this will do complete routing for us.
There is some more stuff that we can do with gateway service and that is two filters.
So that said, here we have created three filters that said this is authentication filter.
It extends only filter.
Here we can specify what kind of edge that it is, but this filter is pre-tape, meaning any routing
request that zoals gateway service is going to call.
Before that, it will execute this filter.
So before calling any service like product, service or service, it will execute this filter and this
very that is supposed to do the authentication.
So you can take a look at this, how this is actually implemented, but this is exactly what is happening
over here.
We can provide the ordering of this product when this filter should be executed because we can actually
provide multiple filters.
So let's say we are provided a request filter over here for this or that is one.
So this is the number one filter which will be executed and this is of Typekit type, meaning it will
be executed before any request is rounded.
So here we are, just logging the request in a log file, whatever request we are receiving.
So this becomes a centralized logging.
So similarly, we are logging four responses.
Also, this is the last filter that we have and this is, of course, type.
So this is executed when a request is related to a service and the response is returned back to gateway
service to get the service will execute it after that and before returning the response to decline.
So here we can track off what were the responses we got from individual services for each request.
The last thing that is over here is local request handler.
So let's say there is some request we want to send specifically to gateway service only.
We do not want to root out this request, so that is handled in this local request handler.
And one example of that is so let's say we want to check the heartbeat of our gateway service, whether
our gateway service is alive or not.
So you would have seen this throughout this what each service we have implemented, this status you
are in, which gives us a response along with the time and the hostname so that that that's an indication
for any claim that this service is alive.
So these are the functionalities that we have implemented within this gateway service.
You can take a look at the code of this Gateway service, but this is pretty much what is there.
There is nothing more than what I have already told you.
So that's about the Code of Gateway service.
Now it's the time to actually incorporate this service into our overall system.